Within this section we're going to learn about push notifications and you know where to do that.
We're going to leverage the Instagram clone that we have previously made.
So if you haven't watched the last section I really suggest you go back and watch it so that you can
comprehend what's going on in this section.
Better if you haven't watch.
So it really doesn't matter you can still understand what's going on but it will be much more complete
if you watch it.
And I have to warn you this will be pretty boring within this two lectures.
Because we will not be coding.
We will be doing some procedural stuff to enable push notifications.
But if you want to have push notifications you have to learn how it's done.
So if you have to integrate push notifications in your apps and if you're ready to wash this section
now let's get started.